This movie is truly amazing over the years I have acquired a taste for Japanese Monster movies and am well aware that early examples of this genre can be poor. However this one reaches a new low as it follows the adventures of Johnny Sokko ? a young boy who controls a Giant Robot and his fight against the evil Gargoyle Gang who seem to have an endless supply of horrid giant monsters at their disposal.
If you watch the documentary extra you'll note that the director is totally inexperienced and was actually a co worker bud of Quentin Tarantinos in a video store. Put two and two together and you realise Quentin is doing a favour for his old bud despite the bud being rather talentless. Was that harsh? Well see this film and you'll realise it isn't. Too slow in the beginning too nonsensical in the middle and too slow to end. That about sums it up. Eric Stolz Delpy were the only two showing some charisma. And Kemp actually put in an OK performance. But the rest was real bad. One instance of plot stupidity was when lead robber accidentally leaves his mask off during the raid. So what happens? Well the other robbers decide they may as well remove theirs too! What great thinking. The violence was relentless and insane. But not in a cool way. Rather in a farcical way. I wondered if this was meant to be a comedy. More fool Tarantino for having his good name connected to this garbage. More fool me for watching it.
WHEN I first saw this film in London in 1958 I was bowled over. I had never seen a film like this before. It had a strange hypnotic effect quite unlike the films that I had seen previously and it left a lasting impact. br br I believe that Odile Versios Marina Vlady are sisters if not twins. Certainly the interaction is amazing in its power to influence the viewer. br br If this has been converted to DVD in Region 2 format and in the original French language I would love to hear about it where it can be purchased.
I first saw this movie on some movie channel HBO? some time ago. I was a fan of Public Enemy NWA and other early rap and had seen CB4 in theaters. Anyway the promo for it caught my eye and I wanted to see what it was all about. Well right off the bat I knew it was going to be good WARNING! and I was right. The parody songs alone make this movie worth watching over and over My Peanuts but the overall flow and delivery of the movie was great. You've got to love the satire of rap groups obviously NWA certain rappers Eazy E Flava Flav Ice Cube and the humor of the three members of NWH. Who can forget Tone Deaf scratching with his ass? It's too bad this movie didn't get the credit it deserved as it was overshadowed by CB4 during their releases but in my opinion is a much better film. If you know and like 90'sgangster' rap you'll be watching and laughing with this movie for a long time. If you aren't into or don't likerap' you'll enjoy the jokes at the expense of the genre.
While watching this movie I came up with a script for a movie called The Making of 10 Items or Less br br Producer I've got good news and bad news. The good news is we can get Morgan Freeman! br br Writer That's great! But what's the bad news? br br Producer We can only afford to hire him for one day. I guess we'll have to get someone else. br br Writer So we hire him for one day. A movie is an hour and a half long. A work day is eight hours long. I fail to see a problem. br br Producer But... he'll have to spend time getting into character. br br Writer So we have him play a character who is essentially himself. br br Producer But he'll still need to understand his motivation and all that. You're not saying we have him play a big name actor that's doing a low budget movie are you? br br Writer Why not? br br Producer That's ridiculous! But fine at least we'll have Morgan Freeman in our movie. And I guess we have to set the movie in Los Angeles too. br br Writer Of course. br br Producer This script is a load of crap. We'd better make money on this. Just in case have Morgan Freeman's character plug Wal Mart or Target or one of those stores so at least someone will want to sell the DVDs. br br Writer Sure thing! br br Producer Wait a second... what's this about a tiny bodega with a ten items or less express lane? br br Writer Oh I guess that is pretty weird. But we can't change the title now! br br I doubt my script actually bears much resemblance to reality but then neither did 10 Items or Less . This is a case of good acting but bad writing and I hate to see it happen. When watching an independent movie you expect it to try to convey some sort of message. I think they might have been trying for the tired old don't let anything hold you back message that has been done to death in much better films. In any case with 10 Items or Less the only message I got was Look! Look at Morgan Freeman!,
Another horror flick in which a goof ball teenager battles a madman and his supernatural sidekick who want to take over?! Yes but the fact that this one was from Canada gives it a slightly different feel. The Brain has troublesome teenager Jim Majelewski getting put into a treatment whose leader turns out to be a cult leader aided by a big ugly brain . Can Jim stop him? I guess that since our northern neighbor has accomplished all that they have accomplished they're entitled to make at least one ridiculous horror movie. But still they'll probably want to be known for having national health care and all. br br The bad guy had a brain. Why didn't the people who made this movie?
Rosalind Russell executes a power house performance as Rosie Lord a very wealthy woman with greedy heirs. With an Auntie Mame type character this actress can never go wrong. Her very real terror at being in an insane assylum is a wonderful piece of acting. Everyone should watch this.
I saw this movie on a westbound American Airlines flight. It was so bad it actually made the flight seem longer. The plot had potential who wouldn't love a movie about a woman who accidentally kills every Elvis impersonator she meets? but it got screwed up a million different times by really poor writing. Towards the end is an embarrassingly bad scene where a gang of Elvis impersonators is on the roof of a casino reshipping the sky thinking he's going to return then a group of stars moves together to form an Elvis constellation which promptly shoots a bolt of lightning at the impersonators sending them crashing through the roof. Bad...REALLY bad. Which is the theme for the whole movie. I'd avoid this one at all costs.
I'll admit that I've never seen Waiting for Guffman 1997's critically acclaimed comedy mockumentary about a small town thats that stages a pageant. When the advertising for Best in Show had the tagline From the Team That Brought You Waiting for Guffman a fair number of critics out there implied in their reviews that only people that are familiar with the film or its filmmakers and cast would have a good time seeing this film. For shame critics for shame times two! Any critic that implies something like that with any film probably doesn't want to share the film's wealth with the rest of the world but this is one film that I hope people will experience now that its video dvd. Best in Show is without a doubt the best comedy of 2000. br br The film begins with a mockumentary style introducing the main competitors not to mention screwballs of the annual Mayflower Best In Show competition where dogs of all breeds come to compete to see who is the top dog. We have the loveable and gullable Harry Pepper Guest with his bloodhound the simple Gerry Cookie Fleck Levy O'Hara with their terriors nut case yuppies Hamilton Meg Swan Hitchcock Posey the gay dog groomers Scott Dolan Stefan Vanderhoof Higgins McKean and the airheaded millionare Sheri Ann Ward Cabot Coolidge along with her trainer Christy Cummings Lynch . They all have their minds on one simple object The Blue Ribbon which will be awarded to the best dog. And...do I have to tell you the rest? br br Director writer star Guest's idea of humor is one that assures me that there are comedies out there that are worth laughing at and that the idiocy of films like American Pie or other pointless teenage flicks won't take over the world after all. His idea is simple make your comedy not just funny but SMART funny. But instead of following in the brilliant footsteps of films like Zero Effect and High Fidelity he used a rather unusual approach and as I understand he also used this approach for Guffman . Whether you notice or not a very large part of the film is improvisation. In other words what the actors say and do were probably not written in the script maybe even not even dreamed of by Guest and co writer star Levy. But with a gentle hand from Guest he and the actors pulled off a hilarious theatrical feat that probably would have flopped if handled by other less adept actors. Now that's smart! br br The cast is of course what makes improv work the most. All of them are a comedic marvel to behold especially Guest as Pepper. But the real standout has to be Fred Williard as Buck Laughlin the clueless announcer at the competition who can spin out the most outrageously funny stories and comments that no announcer would even dream of...that is if the announcer was trying to be funny. Williard can go from talking about the dog to suddenly going on and on about how much he can bench press. There's even a part were he gives out an idea for a new marketing strategy have sexy women pose in tight shirts and shorts with the dogs and imply something like have a doggie style of a time . Its priceless as is his performance. br br I hope that people engage in this 90 minute dogumentary . The film deserves so much recognition. It did get nominated for Best Picture Comedy at the Golden Globes but didn't win. I can't see why. I mean in the comedy department it is best in show. br br GRADE A
A have a female friend who is currently being drawn into a relationship with an SOB who has a long term girlfriend. Of course the SOB is very good looking charming etc and my friend is a very intelligent woman. Watching Jean Pierre Leaud's character at work is exactly like watching what goes on in real life when guys like that destroy the lives of our female friends. It's tragic and you know she's going to end up very hurt but there's nothing you can do. Leaud is brilliant. Totally empty. A blank throughout he pulls the faces and tells the stories he thinks will get the reaction he wants. br br The scene two hours in when Leaud and Lebrun have made love and the next morning he puts on a record and very sweetly and charmingly sings along to amuse her is brilliant. The What the hell am I doing here with this idiot expression that flickers back and forth across her face will be in my memory for a long time to come. br br It's a long film but see it in one go preferably in a cinema. Takes a while to get into but then the time just disappears.
Typical story of an evil kid going after people. I suspect that Antonio Fargas Huggy Bear on Starsky and Hutch and Vincent Schiavelli didn't want to stress this junk on their resumes actually Schiavelli left this life with a mostly good resume . Sometimes I wish that the killers in these movies would just go after the idiots who decide that we need a new one of these movies every other month note that comment is not to be taken seriously I just think that slashers have lost their touch . br br Anyway this is one movie that you'll do best to avoid. It's ninety minutes to two hours that I'll never get back.
Mother Night is one of my favorite novels and going to see this I was expecting a huge disappointment. Instead I got a film that perfectly portrays the irony humor elequence and above all else the crushing sadness of Vonnegut's novel. br br This is certainly Nolte's best preformance to date. He captures the defeat and selfloathing of Howard Cambell Jr. consistently from the subtle intonations of his speech to the held back tears behind his eyes. br br Alan Arkin is absolutly hilarious as George Kraft. Sherryl Lee is haunting in her detachment from reality as Cambell's young lover. John Goodman is understated and more than effective as Cambell's Blue Fairy Godmother. br br This Pinnocioesque story of Cambell trying to be his own ideal hero and unwittingly becoming his ideal tragic villian is a mature and vivid look into what we are as people. And aside from that it is one of the most deeply romantic films I have ever come across. Cambell is the incarnation of both foolish and wise love. And at the films sastifyingly painful conclusion he finally learns what it means to be a real boy as his Blue Fairy Godmother grants him his wish. And he realizes that...well watch the movie and you'll see. br br Mother Night is without a doubt in my mind one of the best films ever made. It is a beautiful poetic story that digs deep within our emotions and is completely faithful to its original author.
Originally I wrote what was a sarcastic scathing review of this pathetic piece of dung but every time I submitted the review I got this contains a very long word which is not allowed also words that were not misspelled were judged incorrect. br br Now the word that was judged too long was never identified.After numerous attempts at eliminating words eventually I got the sneaking suspicion that the IMDb site is politically sensitive and set to reject certain words automatically.Nothing I wrote was obscene or racist in itself.But after eliminating all of the longest words the same message was repeated again and again also words that weren't judged misspelled were all the sudden considered misspelled! br br The pc police are everywhere.
If you expect that this movie is full of action and grabbing you from the start then don't watch it. But if you like those kind of meditative movies which stick in your mind for a while until you get the details then you will love it. Now don't get me wrong there is action and there are things going on just not in the usual way. br br Basically the plot is in a post apocalyptic world where anyone fights in his or their way for survival. In this fight they lost the ability to speak... I don't want to write more to not spoil the movie for you but trust me if you like SF authors like Lem or Capec or even some from Orson Scott Card you will love this movie.
I haven't seen this film for over 20 years but it had such an impact on me that I remember sitting through the credits and for several minutes after in complete awe. This is one of the most underrated films of the entire decade in which it was originally released. I just ordered a copy of it on DVD and paid for overnight shipping and can't wait for it to arrive. It is uplifting at times and also very dark and somewhat disturbing. It's a story of a close knit band of regular kids growing up in the inner city and makes one feel as though they are actually sitting on the sidelines rather than watching on a movie screen or television. Hard to explain but it is something that must be experienced. The story starts at childhood and tracks the lives of the four main characters through high school and as they embark on their separate journeys in life. The entire cast did an incredible job and it's by far the best work of Jodi Thelen's career. I'm hoping that the DVD lives up to my memory and plan on watching it this Friday with a good friend.
This movie tries hard but completely lacks the fun of the 1960s TV series that I am sure people do remember with fondness. Although I am 17 I watched some of the series on YouTube a long time ago and it was enjoyable and fun. Sadly this movie does little justice to the series. br br The special effects are rather substandard and this wasn't helped by the flat camera work. The script also was dull and lacked any sense of wonder and humour. Other films with under par scripting are Home Alone 4 Cat in the Hat Thomas and the Magic Railroad and Addams Family Reunion. br br Now I will say I liked the idea of the story but unfortunately it was badly executed and ran out of steam far too early and I am honestly not sure for this reason this is something for the family to enjoy. And I was annoyed by the talking suit despite spirited voice work from Wayne Knight. br br But the thing that angered me most about this movie was that it wasted the talents of Christopher Lloyd Jeff Daniels and Daryl Hannah all very talented actors. Jeff Daniels has pulled off some good performances before but he didn't seem to have a clue what he was supposed to be doing and Elizabeth Hurley's character sadly came across as useless. Daryl Hannah is a lovely actress and generally ignored and I liked the idea of her being the love interest but sadly you see very little of her not to mention the Monster attack is likely to scare children than enthrall them likewise with Wallace Shawn as some kind of government operative. Christopher Lloyd acquits himself better and as an actor I like Lloyd a lot he was in two of my favourite films Clue and Who Framed Roger Rabbit and I am fond of Back To The Future but he was given little to work with and had a tendency to overact quite wildly. br br Overall as much I wanted to like this movie I was left unimpressed. Instead of being fun it came across as pointless and that is a shame because it had a lot of potential with some talented actors and a good idea but wasted with poor execution. 1 10 Bethany Cox
A chilling and gory tale of a couple inheriting a 150 room Italian castle while still grieving the loss of their young son. The couples marriage seems to be on the rocks due to the car accident that took the life of their son and left their daughter blind. Upon taking inventory of the castle for a future sale a hideous tortured and misshapen creature breaks lose from the bowels of the 12th century castle. Pretty gory with great horror atmosphere and some sexual overtones. Starring Jeffrey Combs Barbara Crampton Jessica Dollarhide and Elisabeth Kaza .
Let's face it there is no perfect production of Hamlet it's simply far too long and varied and cerebral to get completely perfect across the board especially what with the challenges of Elizabethan English and Shakespeare's abstruse dialogue. In any staging of it there are bound to be certain moments scenes or intonations that one disagrees with. I've seen a lot of filmed Hamlet productions Olivier Gibson Branagh Scott and now this BBC film with Jacobi. In terms of faithful full length productions this one ranks up there with the very best. br br Most Hamlet productions are drastically cut because to perform the entire play takes a stage time of four to five hours. This production appears to be complete that is ALL of the original Shakespeare dialogue is intact and so it's essential for scholars and Shakespeare lovers. And though the lines seemed rushed on rare occasion for those less completely familiar with the text for the most part the script is well acted well spoken and well performed. Subtitles are available and very helpful although upon occasion they lag slightly behind. br br Jacobi does a quite admirable job with theatre's longest and most impossible role. I actually cried when Hamlet dies and I don't think I've done that before. Patrick Stewart as Claudius and Claire Bloom as Gertrude are excellent as are Lalla Ward Ophelia and David Robb Laertes and the rest of the very on point cast. Sets are minimal so we can thankfully concentrate on the play without distraction or attention paid to non essentials. br br At 3 hours and 45 minutes this full length Hamlet is a long haul to sit through but again if you want the real deal it's 100 worth it even if one needs to take an intermission for oneself. I highly recommend this production to all Shakespeare lovers and scholars.
I have been watching King of Queens from the beginning and have felt it is overlooked at the award shows. This show has the best humor you can identify with the characters we talk about it at work a lot because I work at a company a lot like IPS DHL and we just love the Teamster plugs!! Carrie is my hero she is the best she just puts it out there no matter what the subject is. Arthur well what can you say? He just cracks you up and really puts a spin on things. Doug well he is just so lovable and funny the three characters plus all the friends just make the show complete. This is the best comedy on TV!! I would say up there with Seinfeld and hey there's nothing wrong with that .... Excellente!! as Doug would say.
I went to see this 3 nights ago here in Cork Ireland. It was the world premiere of it in the tiny cinema in the Triskel Arts Centre as part of the Cork Film Festival. br br I found Strange Fruit to be an excellent movie. It is a bit rough around the edges but for a low budget movie that is to be expected! In general the acting particularly from the main lead Kent Faulcon is wonderful the cinematography and direction excellent and the script hugely entertaining and thought provoking with some nice set ups and witty dialogue. br br The ending was a bit sudden with no conclusion given to characters and events once the finale came to its gripping end ... but perhaps that's what the filmmakers were going for? It certainly did make the movie more unsettling. I did like the fact that the main character never came to terms with his mother on screen it leaves you wondering whether or not he ever will as in real life sometimes these things are never settled. This was a good choice to leave it unresolved rather than sentimentally wrapping it up! br br Taut and suspenseful throughout Strange Fruit is a hugely ambitious debut and I have high hopes for what the writer director Kyle Schickner will unleash next. He and his colleagues are a talent worth watching. br br I hope Strange Fruit gets a wider release soon as more people deserve to see this movie an above average thriller with some original and insightful twists on homophobia and racism in America's Deep South. br br Highly Recommended 7 10
The Kid was born retarded. It pulls in a half dozen directions features dialog and action lifted from much older and better known flops and might be funny if only the writers knew what funny is. br br Disney stuff has gotten a lot better in the last couple of decades but don't let that fool you. They should have given The Kid a wide berth sang it a lullaby then ran the train into a ravine. Mercy killing.
The movie aimed at adults is a rare thing these days but Moonstruck does it well and is still a better than average movie which is aging very well. Although it's comic moments aim lower than the rest of it the movie has a wonderful specificity Italians in Brooklyn that isn't used to shortchange the characters or the viewers. i.e. Mobsters never appear in acomplication. It never becomes grotesque like My Big Fat Greek Wedding The secondary story lines are economically told with short scenes that allow a break from the major thread. These are the scenes that are now missing in contemporary movies where their immediate value cannot be impressed upon producers and bigwigs. I miss these scenes. It also beautifully involves older characters. The movie takes it's own slight quiet path to a conclusion. There isn't a poorly written scene included anywhere to make some executives sphincter relax. Cage and Cher do very nice work. br br Moonstruck invokes old school ethnic workaday New York much likeMarty' except Moonstruck is way less sanctimonious.
Dennis Quaid is tryin' hard to prove us that Jerry Lee Lewis was a dumb guy. And he's doing too much to prove it. TV sequences are very good like a photocopy of old black and white footages. Music is fine too because Mr. Lewis himself is singing. But the rest is just Hollywood B Movie style with the fifties Happy Days complex. I think the only good thing in this movie is to see young Winona Ryder.
I was telling a friend of mine about the time my grandfather actually picked this horrible piece of crap for us to see one night at the theater. He never picked another one again! It was that bad! Anyway my friend then told me that her father did some of the writing for this garbage. I thought she was kidding. It turns out she was serious. She had never actually seen it and she said that it put a quick halt to her father's writing career. I told her not to waste her time. But if she did actually break down and watch it she would see within the fist minute why this ended her father's days as a writer. I mean even for the 1980's this crap is bad beyond description. I mean Joe Frazier as Terrible Tucker? And why in the world would two cops care one bit about a house full of ghosts? And the movie poster? A ghost with his tongue hanging out? What is that about? Nothing about this makes any sense. Well I told my friend that this crap not only ended her father's writing career it ended the careers of everybody involved. Or at least none of them ever fully recovered from being in this garbage of a movie. Let's just say that I will forever ridicule my friend for revealing to me that her father was a writer for this movie! That alone should tell just how bad this is!
This is easily one of the worst martial arts films I've ever seen and that's saying something. The chant of viva Chiba viva Chiba is heard at the title soon you will be chanting to yourself stupid stupid. The basic story is that the mafia is running drugs into Japan and one man vowels to stop them of course that's our man Sonny Chiba. The Karate master offers up his service to anyone who can provide information on the drug lords. A woman comes forward and he becomes the bodyguard but what are her true intentions? Let me say at this point who cares? Soon we are treated to or tortured by a series of poorly choreographed fights and a lame storyline that becomes more and more laughable at every moment. Sonny eventually wipes out the bad guys with his karate skills end of story. Oh yeah the woman was corrupt too. Congratulations you may have just watched the funniest film ever. br br As stated already this is one of the worst martial arts films I have ever seen. What makes it semi watchable is to see how badly made a film can be. Some have already mentioned the infamous American intro put into the film. That's probably the most entertaining part of the film and it's beyond funny. I would agree its worth watching just to see how lame the 70's karate scene was at the time. Watch as Aaron Banks leaves a guy hanging by his nuts then flips a fat student bad editing punching him in the throat. But everything is badly done in this film. Terrible unbelievable fights fake I mean fake blood bad acting dubbing wardrobe and let's not forget the story. One man to take out an entire drug problem in a country? I bet. Fight after fight is laughable. This was the 70's when people still believed karate was effective in a fight but Chiba brings it to new levels with some of the nonsense put out in this movie. Let's see he kicks a gun in half kicks a guy so hard what looks like his dentures fall out and of course chopping the bottle scene give me a break. Not to mention the fact that it's very hard to tell what happens in the fights because it's filmed so poorly. One part that was amusing was when he broke the guys arm through the door giving him a compound fracture. OK. As the action goes on we are treated to gobs of blood really fake blood. Too say it looked poorly made is and understatement. The acting is totally non existent in this film. I don't expect much from a film of this caliber anyway as long as the action is good but it wasn't and as expected the dubbing is extremely poor. Was it my imagination or did they dub the Asian go go dancer with a black accent? As expected from a 70's wardrobe you'll be in stitches laughing at some of the trends and nasty women put forth for the gratuitous nudity that comes with these flicks. Also why would the mafia be so obvious and all where black trench coats and hats all the time? Don't try and hide it now. The characters were stupid as well. The pimp club owner's one of whom is decked out in a Japanese pimp suit and the other who has a taste for bores head looks like fat hippie. Also one last thing that bothered me throughout the film was the awful music with some woman whaling. It was very annoying. br br Overall this is a terrible film by both martial arts standards and good movie making. That doesn't mean that it's not entertaining. With a film made so poorly it's hard not to laugh through most of this film if you can stomach it. This was an old favorite watch with my best friend. If it was purely bad I would give one star but the laughs it delivers bumps it up. 4 out 10.
I'm guessing that the folks talking up this drivel are cronies of the director or something. This is bad and not in the Michael Jackson song kind of way. To compare the pacing of this movie to the progress of a snail would be to insult the snail. This movie limps along for what seems like an eternity all to introduce us to some un scary zombie kids with silly makeup and some sort of vendetta or thirst for blood or whatever. Believe me you won't care. The thought alone that Mom would move her two daughters into this dilapidated and FILTHY home is absurd. And worse I found myself simply not caring. Backstory about the zombie kids? Snore. Endangerment of Mom and or daughters? Don't care. br br In short WOW was this dull. Don't bother.
This movie is awesome on so many levels... and none of them are the level that it was intended to be awesome on. br br Just remember this When you're watching Shaun of the Dead and other recent zombie movies... be they good or bad... THIS is the formula that they are using. THIS is what makes zombie movies so great. br br And what makes it BETTER than great is the story behind the movie. A simple web search will provide you with everything you need to know. br br All in all it doesn't linger. There's never a point where you think to yourself c'mon get on with it ... it moves quick and corners nicely. This is the sporty little Italian number of zombie flicks. br br So awful it's wonderful! If your tongue spends an ample amount of time in your cheek... rent it buy it love it. br br As a great trivia note If you're watching it on DVD you'll notice that there is sound effects during the menu screen underneath the musical score... Well... that's because that music was lifted straight from the trailer... which is probably the only working print of that music that still exists which is long enough to loop.
 A Gentleman's Game uses the game of golf in a country club setting to illustrate an adolescent's discovery about honesty prejudice and other life lessons. Several times I thought I knew where this film was heading only to be proved wrong. Unfortunately I'm not so sure that the filmmakers ever knew where it was heading either. The defining moment in this movie is probably the scene in which Gary Sinise mocks The Karate Kid and debunks any notions that he's going to become a mentor to the adolescent golfer. It's refreshing in a way that this movie refuses to follow most of the simplistic and over worked movie formulas. However too much of it still comes off as contrived. At the drop of a hat people drop all pretenses of civility or fail to stick up for the things in which they believe or are exposed for something far less respectable than their place in society assumes. Unfortunately there is often no resolution to these moments. And except for the fact that the club serves as backdrop for them there is no real continuity or linking of them. It's a shame that the writers and director could not salvage a better film especially given some of the talented actors and potential in the setup.
LACKAWANNA BLUES is a fine stage play by Ruben Santiago Hudson and an even finer film as the author adapted his own life story for the screen. This brilliant film ignites the screen with rich colors fine music brilliant editing superb direction by George C. Wolfe and a cast so stunning that they make an encore viewing compulsory! Yes it is just that good. br br The story is based on the author's life as the child 'Junior' Marcus Carl Franklin raised in the inimitable home of soulfully empathetic Rachel Nanny Crosby S. Epatha Merkerson a lady who devoted her life to aiding the disenfranchised by transporting them from the South from mental hospitals and from the streets to Lackawanna New York. The boy recalls all the lessons he learned about life from the inhabitants of the house odd characters with painful pasts and from the disintegration of his racially mixed biological family rescued by Nanny. The myriad characters of the home are too numerous to outline but they are portrayed by some of the finest actors in the business Terrence Howard Rosie Perez Mos Def the beautiful Carmen Ejogo Louis Gossett Jr. Jeffrey Wright Ernie Hudson Charlayne Woodward Jimmy Smits Patricia Wettig Macy Gray Liev Schreiber Kathleen Chalfant Lou Myers Hill Harper the list goes on and on. br br In the course of the film we are introduced to the cruelties of racism the history of desegregation the dynamics of drug abuse and violence the infectious joy of African American music contributions to our musical culture and the courage of one fine woman who battled all the hardships the world can dish out to maintain the dignity of those with whom she came into contact. S. Epatha Merkerson is wholly submerged in this role a role she makes shine like a beacon of reason in a world of chaos. She offers one of the most stunning performances of the past years and had this film been released in the theaters instead of as an HBO movie she without a doubt would add the Oscar to place along side her Golden Globe award. br br The entire cast is exceptional and Wolfe handles the acting and the story like a master like riffs in a jazz piece he pastes tiny moments of conversation with each character and Junior along with flashes of scenes from the story with the matrix of dance fests at the local clubs brimming over the top with incredible blues jazz dancing and joy. The production crew has mounted this little miracle of a picture with extreme care and never for a moment does attention lag from the momentum of the story. Highly Recommended almost Compulsory Viewing! Grady Harp
The price of a dream and some dreams can be too expensive. br br Only having viewed the English translated version it is perhaps the reason for a low rating from this viewer. br br It made the overall film poorer than the story material hinted at... br br ...and other comments seem to suggest the subtitled version would be better. br br But some plot elements remained unexplained leaving an unfinished feel. br br It also leaves the thought is there a series to follow? . br br A pity there was no more at this stage at least anyway .
Well I am SO glad I watched this on HBO instead of paying for it in the theaters or video store. The movie has some points but if you want to make it a worthwhile movie I suggest that you become what the main characters are called...stoners. br br 2 10
A deplorable social condition triggers off the catastrophe An impoverished Giovanna has ended up in the gutter but still has an ace up her sleeve beauty and youth. Bragana a fat bellied gas station tenant who has been getting on in years picks her up from the street and offers her bed and home together with his clumsy affection. But the physical contact that Giovanna is now exposed to only gives her feelings of disgust and consequently she does not see a benefactor in him but a tormentor whom she has to get rid of. br br The arrival of Gino a young migrant worker finally provides her the longed for opportunity. And you don't have to ask her twice At the very first encounter she gives him the feeling of being physically desired and a little later she lets him seduce her without offering any resistance. br br The developping partnership has to submit to the strict rules drawn up by Giovanna though. Gino's yearning for freedom is suppressed his desire to leave the place with Giovanna and start a new life far away from the fatso is pushed aside. Giovanna aims at another goal to get Bragana killed to inherit and in addition to that to collect the insurance premium. In her hands Gino degenerates into a self sacrificing tool. Being completely at the mercy of this woman he turns into a cold blooded killer. br br But in contrast to Giovanna he questions the committed crime on a moral level. The very taking over of Bragana's place which includes the sleeping in the bed of a dead man causes a deep loathing of himself. And later after he has found out about the forthcoming payment of the insurance money and seems to see through Giovanna's cunningly devised plan he also executes a physical separation from his lover and finds comfort in the arms of a prostitute. br br If Visconti's film ended at this point it could easily be classified as a condemnatory portrait of a cool calculating and unscrupulous woman with a slight touch of social criticism. But then the last sequences make this carefully built construct of ideas collapse. At last Giovanna feels remorseful about what she has done and by the uncompromising revelation of her innermost feelings she succeeds in inflaming anew Gino's love. Her violent death by an absurd road accident then does not only leave him helpless at the mercy of an arbitrary fate. It also affects us while we realize that none of the acting characters is to be made responsible for their disaster. The culprit is just the state of a society that determines the way of the individual unalterably right from the start. br br,
One Night at McCool's wants you to think it is a hip and clever black comedy. It pushes its quirky characters and outrageous situations at the viewer like a crack dealer making overtime. The premise is about a gold digging woman named Jewel who dates men to get them to steal and sometimes murder so she can have all the worldly possesions she so desperately desires. You know this wouldn't be a bad strategy if she chased after rich guys. This film really wants one to believe that a foxy con artist would waste time dating bartenders and Andrew Dice Clay. Please. That major flaw in Jewel's scheme is really the only entertainment to found found in this stinker and that's unintentional . Watching it it is not hard to believe there could have been a good movie inside it somewhere. One Night at McCool's just could not decide what direction it wanted to take so just sat in the middle of the road like a dead armadillo. It tries to be sexy but no clothes are removed on camera and the few scenes of body head are dreadfully pedestrian. There is one recurring scene where a hitman is asking the protaganist played by Matt Dillon about how the sex is with Jewel. It seems like Matt doesn't know neither do the viewers. Why was he dating her anyway? One Night at Mccool's also wants to be funny. Sorry bizarre coincidences and misunderstandings didn't even work on Three's Company. What's worse is that this movie really seemed like it was going for a dark atmosphere to accompany its comedy. Kind of like a sophomoric Coen brothers film but its shallow script could not play subtlety nor could its lackluster dirction sledgehammer in any shocks. What the audience is left with is a film that seems to busy trying to please everybody and just losing any appeal along the way.
All the ingredients of low brow b movie cult cinema. Topless and bottomless girls kung fu kicking chefs slave traders evil Germans with mustaches Cameron Mitchell and sword wielding zombies. br br And of course the breasts of Camille Keaton who's best known display occurs in the feminist exploitation classic I Spit on Your Grave. We also must mention the hooters of jewel Shepard who play a hooker in the recent film The Cooler. br br Lots of blood and action with knives and swords and martial arts among topless dancers in a bar in a whorehouse and on a boat load of martial artists heading to some zombie island where bad martial artists go to die or something like that. br br Tops and bottoms come off easily and frequently as travelers are well lubricated thanks to the boat owner. br br Then disaster strikes as their boat is destroyed and they land on the zombie island where mas monks sacrifice young girls to the dead martial artists to bring them back to life. br br Just when you thought it had everything there are piranhas in the water. Yum Yum A big fat German for dinner. br br Just the thing for your next zombie fest.
Dead Man Walking is a piece of incredible filmmaking. All the acting is top notch and realistic and the script examines the issue of the death penalty from both sides paying equal homage to both. Above all this is a deeply moving story of redemption of death with dignity and loss of ego. Any film that deals this courageously and maturely with such incredibly difficult subject matter deserves a rating of 10 10. Thank you Tim Robbins!
This movie starts out very VERY slow but when the action finally gets started it's a little had to follow. I couldn't understand why some of the events were taking place and a lot of events happened before they were explained making them sort of confusing. The only thing it really has going for it is the massive amount of blood gore it has although most times the special effects are lacking. Blood looks like red Kool Aid. Skin tearing sounds like somebody is stepping on a pile of sticks. Again the story has a sort of amateur feel to it like the writer didn't take a long time to perfect it. I feel like it could be a much better movie if the effects were done better and more time was taken on the script. I honestly wish I hadn't watched it not because of the gore but because I feel that i wasted 90 minutes of my life. If you like extremely gory movies this is for you if not stay away.
This movie had a IMDB rating of 8.1 so I expected much more from it. It starts out funny and endearing with an energy that feels spontaneous. But before the movie is half way through it begins to drag and everything becomes sickingly predictable. The characters in the office were delightful in the first third of the movie but we get to know them a little too well they become caricatures not real people at all. This is the same story I've seen hundreds of times only told here with slightly different circumstances. The thing is I could stomach another predictable love story if only the dialog weren't so stale! br br The only thing that could be worse is if the characters had inconsistent and unbelievable motivations and unfortunately that was also the case with Dead Letter Office. Hopefully this movie will end up in the Dead Movie Office soon.
Ordinarily Anthony Mann made westerns with 'the big guys' James Stewart Gary Cooper Henry Fonda . . . the A list cowboy stars. But in this B film he tackled something notably different and had quite a bit of success with what turned out to be a truly one of a kind western. The main character played by Victor Mature is a trapper mountain man and ordinarily they are romanticized in films Robert Redford in Jeremiah Johnson that sort of thing where the hero is not in fact a typical mountain man but a clean cut heroic figure who hangs out with real mountain men. Not here. For once a true mountain man vulgar crude animalistic is the central figure and it's something to see giving Mature one of his better later roles. The real acting chops are provided by Robert Preston excellent as a self absorbed Custer type cavalry commander and James Whitmore the poor man's Spencer Tracy as another of those old timers who feel themselves trapped between ever more hostile Indians on the one side and the oncoming force of civilization on the other. Even more impressive is a very young Anne Bancroft as the officer's wife who is initially repulsed by the very sight of Mature's grisly character then finds her own veneer of civilization slipping away as she begins to realize to her own shock that she's attracted to him. Rarely if ever has a remote frontier fort been so accurately realized on screen without the romantic allure that John Ford gave such a place in his masterful Fort Apache. The battle sequences are big scale and notably violent and particularly impressive if you seen them in widescreen format. Good show and underrated movie all around.
Why did I buy this movie on DVD? Well the short answer would be I really don't know. As for the longer version it pretty much comes down to the fact that I genuinely like Tatyana Ali and she plays Alicia in this. br br Now does Tatyana Ali give a genuinely good effort in this movie? I must say that it is one of the better and she is shaping up to be a rather decent actress. I am very much looking forward to see her in action when better material will be available. br br This being said this movie was terrible and my score is given based on this 1 star for not being the worst movie I've seen 1 star for the performance of Tatyana Ali and 1 star for not thinking that it only deserves 2 stars there are worse movies for that. br br Ja Rule should stick to rapping not my favourite rapper to say the least but some seem to like him and if he is contained there I would be delighted not to see him contaminate the acting scene. br br Ving Rhames Ah man Marcellus Wallace what are you doing here you used to be cool man. Just because Michael Caine is a fiercely brilliant actor who has been in so many terrible flicks as well as good you don't have to copy him Ving. br br The rest of the semi big names in the cast It's OK there are bills to be paid and we all have to do things we're not proud of time to time. br br The movie itself. It so massively flawed it's pretty difficult to know where to start. It's more like a bunch of scenes thrown in together as were the director to say we need to tell this and we need to tell that . There is a story unfortunately there is nothing surprising about or within it. To say the least the plot changes in the story were overly obvious and it was therefore predictable what was going to happen all the time. br br To sum up in one word Reallynotgood
I suggest that in the future any movie made by the Sci fi channel and subsequently released on DVD must say that it was indeed made by such channel as I would not buy this stuff if I had known this fact. Not that this was all bad but when you have fade out for commercials in the middle of your movie it just ruins the flow of said film. This in turn makes the movie rather more boring. This one had an interesting story however the light hearted and extremely generic soundtrack distracted one from the film as did most of the bad actors with the exception of Dien and Linda Carter. The story vampires are on the attack in South America of course the rules of vampire movies are not in effect which the usually aren't in any of the movies about vampires I have seen lately with the exception of the Blade trilogy. Group of soldiers are sent down to battle said squad another team is sent to meet up with the team and to track down the ex wife of one of the soldiers...why she is not just his wife who knows as this part of the plot really goes no where. Still we get an interesting boat ride some nice jungle scenery and a lot of blood. This fact however does not save the film from being way to jerky in its presentation and really dull seeming at times. I don't know maybe it was the cgi blood and smoke and whatever they have to make cgi now even though old effects look better and don't cost that much more. I mean cheap Italian zombie movies could do a bullet hole without cgi why can't we now?
Unfortunately Jean Eustache 1938 1981 belongs like so many once leading French film makers nowadays to the great unknown ones whose movies are hard to find and are not released on international DVDs. Since we have a good old fashioned video store in Tucson I had the chance to watch this 3 1 2 hour marathon masterwork that is not boring for ten seconds. br br Since we speak here about one of the most discussed and most controversially discussed movies of all times let me tell you my impression that the endless dialogs originally typical for the early Nouvelle Vague of a Jacques Rivette or Alain Resnais appear almost ridiculous in this movie. The dialogs are basically monologues mainly the longest ones spoken by Jean Pierre L aud. The most characteristic feature is that the intersections of the speeches of two people is almost zero. L aud or his character Alexandre pleases to tell more about himself than about the topics he is seemingly to speak. Therefore one can hardly speak about communication in this movie. It is well possible that the director had a gargantuan satire in mind against the idle running of the once so hotly discussed political and sociological ideas but the type of man Alexandre exists to all times we find him already in Petron's Satiricon which work has actually great resemblance with The Mother and the Whore . br br Alexandre does not only nothing but he has developed an own kind of metaphysics about the absence of acting at least acting in the sense of responsibility toward the society whose part he is. He mocks at the people who run to work at 7 c'clock in the morning when he is just busy having his last drink before he goes to bed in the apartment of one of his girlfriends from whose money he lives. He is unable to speak one sentence without quoting one of the leading thinkers between Nietzsche and Bernanos. Especially Sartre who is shown quickly in the French intellectual caf Aux Deux Magots where Alexandre too is sitting all day must serve as excuse for the life style of Alexandre and his colleagues because they suffer existential crisis from bourgeois nausea. However the intellectual speeches of Alexandre seem to be rather pseudo intellectual and the sentences and quips he cites seem to come rather from a dictionary of quotations than from his actual reading of the respective books. br br It is true This movie demands an extremely broad European knowledge especially the connoisseurship of French existentialist philosophy and there consequences to the 68 student revolution movement but if you have this knowledge than you will enjoy 215 minutes of your life by staring amazed into the TV and crying out with laughing like you have probably not done it since a long time.
This is a film that the mainstream market will probably never be able to access as it doesn't exactly give the viewer easy watching. The story about troubled Spike and his friend Heaton is not exactly a Friday night film yet it has its own unique edge and I found that it was entertaining. There are moments of brilliance given that the film was shot on such a low budget such as when Spike inhales the aerosol. However I did not really understand the relationship between Spike and Heaton and to be honest it made me spend most of the film trying to work it out. And also I did not like the fact that most of the film is spent with the two friends talking and not really much action . It is a small film that is complex to watch and that is what makes it appealing.
Perhaps I missed the meeting when the meaning of B movie was explained but what I just saw was ridiculous. You want a good synopsis of this movie? Take Aliens replace the xenomorphs with vampires then remove everything that was good about it and that's pretty much it. br br 5 minutes into the movie the V SAN squad that's the dumbest acronym I've ever heard checks out a base thats been massacred by vampires and then they climb down DOWN? What? a ladder obviously attached to a billboard with an obvious present day train in the background. When is this supposed to take place? 2210. Okay... hold on I'll get back to that br br Yeah. the characters. Wow well there's the token lesbian Asian chick the redneck cowboy wannabe the weathered captain the goth vampire Hot Topic part time cashier and the wussy noob second in command. All of them are played by their respective actors with the same lack of ambition. It almost pained me to see Micheal Ironside in this flick. Isn't he getting enough money being the voice of Sam Fisher in Splinter Cell? Pretty much the only thing original about Vampire Wars is about how bad it is. br br Watching this afterbirth of a film the only amusement I got was from the feeble attempts at set making. Since when does taping PCI computer cards on a wall count as a ready room on a starship? The money required to do this film could have been put to much more better use.
Catscratch is the best thing to come out of Nickeloden including Wayne Knight. This show doesn't just appeal to Maoris and PI's. some people love it and they're all aussies. At first glimpse I admit it seems a little crude but it grows enormously on you. Also to correct something that one of the other critics has said In_Correct Tv.com doesn't say Does that mean you're homo now? he says Does that mean you're homo owww? This is his phrase in the show. Mr. Blik is i think the funniest of all like Peww Weww's Playhouse br br Firstly I'll admit that the early episode were a bit good. But after a while the episodes became great! And just when the series had found it's surreal whacky ...Nickelodeon cancels it! br br I know Nick is meant for kids but every once in a while a brilliant show appears that can be enjoyed by teenagers and adults. These shows include Mr. Bean the Animated Series Charlie Brown Pelswick Rocko's Modern Life at times and Invader Zim. All of these must have been considered too good with the exception of CatDogcause Nick felt the need to cancel them. br br What I like the famous final episode where Gordon fight a duck. br br I'd also like to see a DVD with plenty of audio commentaries and behind the scenes docos and including the final episode. br br But of course what I'd definitely like to see is the show come back on the air. Wake up NICK! br br I wish there was a list somewhere on the internet with all the gag closing credits. That would be great.
Turkish Cinema has a big problem. Directors aren't interested in global cinema. They are local and folkloric but want to be international. This brings kitsch results such this movie. br br Film has jokes translated to Spanish from Turkish and they don't have any meaning for non Turkish audiences. Even for Turkish audiences after 10 years. br br Players even Ferhan SENSOY have a worse acting than average. They act like puppets. br br Movie was shot in Cuba but nothing includes about Cuba. So Cuba is thought like a banana republic. br br Waste of money waste of time.
This is a great family film dealing with down to earth people who enjoy their local interests dealing mainly with horse racing. Lloyd Bourdelle Walter Matthau is a farmer who also raises quarter horses and has a young son named Casey Bourdelle who loves horses. Lloyd is able to raise a full grown horse who he calls Casey's Shadow after his son and this horse breaks all speed records and is a possible winner of a million dollar race. Sarah Blue Alexis Smith becomes interested in this horse and offers to buy the horse for 500 00 dollars however this horse receives serious injuries to his legs and Lloyd receives a serious set back which upsets the entire family. Walter Matthau gave an outstanding performance and this is a great film to view and enjoy.
Only a 9 10 from me a perfect ten would have been if there was more of a plot to the movie but nevertheless Moonwalker to this day remains a fun fest of music dance and entertainment. Beginning with the montage of video clips from Jackson's long career it reminds the viewer of just why he is often regarded as 'The King of Pop'. From his hit 'I want you back' to 'We are the World' the multi award winning charity record for the benefit of Africa. Following this a short movie of sorts although lacklustre in an Oscar winning script nonetheless provides a fantastic and entertaining drama for the audience. Ending with a perfect sexy! rendition ofCome Together'. Something the whole family can watch and enjoy.
My wife and I like to rent really stupid horror sci fi movies and watch them with our friends for a laugh. We saw this one on fullmoondirect.com and decided to add it to our netflix list. Now when I say this movie is awful I mean it in a good way. Everything about it the acting camera work story costumes is just so cheezy and low budget but thats what makes it so good. I think in one scene the actors looked like they were actually walking in place. I really hope that whoever made this film wasn't serious when they made it because if they were then that would just be sad. If you like to watch really stupid horror movies just to make fun of them then I recommend this one.
I'm not sure if this is some kind of masterpiece or just sleazy fluff elevated by the performances and visuals. Whatever the case I'm sure I loved it. From the wonderfully twisted lurid intertwining stories to the deliciously sinister performances from Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone to the vivid gaudy colour with which it's all captured this is high class trash and it's great fun. Not to mention the amusingly sly and thinly veiled sexual subtexts which permeate the entire film always threatening to escape from the image into the dialogue but never doing so. I'd be lying if I said that the film's sheer entertainment value didn't contribute to my love for it but there's some sort of bizarre artistry behind the unintentional or was it? comedy and I really really dug that. I could really get into this melodrama stuff.
WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS deserves to be a better known film directed by Otto Preminger the man who gave the world LAURA. And this time he's got the same co stars DANA ANDREWS and GENE TIERNEY. It must be said that Tierney here is under used in what amounts to more of a supporting role while the spotlight goes to Andrews. br br He plays a tough hardened cop used to dealing with a bunch of thugs in too vigorous a way until one night he accidentally kills a man in the process of arresting him. When suspicion falls on a cab driver TOM TULLY he goes along with the investigation into the murder but starts to feel guilt because he's in love with the cabbie's daughter GENE TIERNEY . Tierney by the way looks a little too elegant for the girl she's playing here and doesn't seem to fit into the squalid background elements of the story. br br The story takes a grim turn as the investigation goes deeper and it's discovered that the murdered man had a silver plate in his head from his service as a war hero. By the end it turns into a morality tale with Andrews developing a conscience over his crime. br br It's fascinating as film noir with capable performances from a strong supporting cast. A good entry in the field of noir forcefully directed by Preminger and nicely played by Andrews and Tierney despite the slight miscasting of her character.
Seems like some of the previous reviewers has seen another movie than what i saw earlier tonight... Actually this movie is the reason why i registered at IMDb. Sure Bobbie Phillips can fight and for that i give this movie a 2 but the rest of this movie is just pure crap... The acting is bad the plot is bad the camera angles are bad and the effects are bad. Sure the actors are in physical good shape but they cannot act! Sometimes i enjoy watching bad movies for the laugh but this movie had no charm and after i saw this movie i was filled with regrets for seeing it. Sure if you would like to see mediocre fighting without anything else then this movie is for you. If not then stay away from this film! PS Sorry for any spelling mistakes... i am just tired as a cause of this movie!
Could anyone please stop John Carpenter from continuously and deliberately ruining his reputation? How low can you go? It seems this man has lost any self respect. br br This episode looks like it has been done by a film student it isn't even worth beginning to talk about WHAT was bad because it was just a borefest directed by somebody with no talent as a filmmaker or without any motivation... br br Come on Mr. Carpenter please retire immediately with a rest of self esteem and stop spilling out trash like this in a bad tradition from Escape from L.A. to Ghosts of Mars. br br Get drunk instead.
Easily Lucio Fulci's most respected film Don't Torture a Duckling is highly renowned for it's edgy subject matter gruesome imagery and strong storyline. Terror befalls a small Italian village as young boys begin turning up murdered engulfing the confused and determined authorities plus a dedicated detective in mystery. Was it the creepy hermit? The spastic voodoo witch? One of the hookers? The rich girl? Someone else? Contrary to most fan's frequent representation on the film's violent content I consider it much more plot driven featuring only one real moment of memorable bloodshed involving chains and boards . In no aspect does this detract from the positive attributes this movie delivers. Fulci proves himself fully capable of dishing out one hell of a dark and disturbing giallo with childing killing black magic and of course a nice full set o' knockers... Though I'm particularly more fond of Fulci's Lizard in a Woman's Skin and New York Ripper Don't Torture a Duckling dominates the giallo genre as a moody and compelling murder mystery!
I saw this movie at the Edmonton International Film Festival with the great Dr. Uwe Boll in attendance. br br The film is simply put very very bad. And no not in the usual Uwe Boll so bad it's actually entertaining way but just plain bad. The plot concerns a man who leads a terrible life because of a past criminal record apparently can't get a job and with an awful 900 pound cheating wife. This man turns to his cult leader uncle in a plan to steal a truck load of toys that contain the bird flu virus. Al Qaeda also has designs on stealing the toys and what follows is just under two hours of completely incomprehensible sex and violence. br br The acting is awful except for Dave Foley who really tries despite it all the jokes never rise above children being shot in the chest in slow motion and people taking a poo. It's supposed to be satire but I'm not sure of what. br br Think Airplane! but done by the creators of South Park and without any jokes.
Here we have a movie which fails in pretty much every way it is possible for a movie to fail. Terrible script lousy acting amateurish directing laughable special effects...it's just an utterly awful movie. Not to mention the fact that when you get to the end you'll realize the whole thing doesn't make a lick of sense. After spending the whole movie wondering what in the world is going on here when things are finally explained you realize the story has been built on a foundation which is ludicrously impossible. In one of those hideous villain explains the whole movie sequences we are told that our villain has done something which quite simply can't be done and which makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. Oh and after that we see that there also appears to be some kind of jell o monster involved. I'm sure Drew Barrymore would very much like to pretend this movie never happened. If for some ungodly reason you are ever tempted to sit down and watch this movie may I suggest instead taking that time to bang your head against a wall for 104 minutes. That would prove to be a much more pleasurable experience than sitting through this garbage.
 aka TRINITY IS STILL MY NAME This sequel looks like it was done to capitalize on the outstanding European box office success of THEY CALL ME TRINITY only this time Joseph E. Levine and Avco Embassy pictures wanted to capitalize on it in America as well. Too bad they didn't get very far since the Hill Spencer pictures have had only had marginal success here in the U.S. and this largely boring drawn out film doesn't help it out any. br br Trinity and Bambino swear to their dying father Harry Carey Jr. that they will become successful outlaws and take care of each other. They later get involved with arms traffickers who smuggle guns out of a monastery and who mistakenly think they're a pair of federal agents. It all winds up falling flat in spite of a couple of funny scenes especially the one where Trinity and Bambino are in a fancy French restaurant and don't know how to carry themselves. And the scenes with the card sharks was mildly humorous as well. br br The opening title music sung by Gene Roman sounds like a fair Bobby Goldsboro like early 70s pop song while the music cues sprinkled throughout the movie are pretty good. Not sure if I'd want to buy the CD soundtrack of it but some others might. br br The film could have had a half hour whacked off of it and it wouldn't have dragged on for so long. It looks like a lot of scenery is being chewed up here. In fact I lost interest in it about 2 3rds of the way through. The DVD is also terrible with a constant hum in the soundtrack and a poor print that looks like it should have been sent to that great scrap heap in the sky. br br A big step down from the previous film. br br 4 out of 10
I would be interested to hear from the director Barbet Schroeder as to why he decided to make More his first film and more specifically what his interest in hippies or rather this form of the Euro hippie paradise and about their demise. The film is at least true enough to keep one interested but in its own kind of truth it's strange biased. It's a given heroin aka Horse is awful stuff rotten the conclusion for many a dumb headed drug user that sees that as the be all end all because it basically is after that everything else stops that becomes the life and it's either a continuous run for more of the same or death. More starts off as something concerning a romance between a New York girl and a German man but it becomes something else for better or worse sometimes both in the same scene . br br It's basically about two young people Estelle and Stefan who meet in a city where Stefan has come as a sort of wanderer away from his home country. She's wandering too sort of and is maybe too friendly with a big time pusher named Wolf. They end up on a remote island somewhere nearby and after a somewhat daring grab for some horse by Estelle they also find a pad in the form of a seemingly remoter house along the seashore. Schroeder's comment on youth and sex and drugs isn't too simplistic which makes the film actually lucid and intelligent so many years later. It's both direct and subtle more about the characters and then about the fact that what he's depicting could in other hands just be a propagandistic hippie exploitation picture. Perhaps most pleasantly and this is just a guess Schroeder uses as inspiration the sort of long sequence from Bergman's Summer with Monika two kids in an inexorable connection some good some definitely not so good set against too? perfectly shot landscapes. br br On the one hand I should mention that there are problems some big ones in fact. The performances aren't very convincing throughout a few scenes strike some power or have the actors in a good connection with one another but Klaus Grumberg overplays himself even if he is an ornery German by nature in that case I would've preferred Klaus Kinski in the part to make it crazier but deep enough for the subject matter as does Farmer to her own degree. And there's gaps of naivet in the screenplay that keep it from being as deep as it really thinks it is. On the other hand there are two big things going for it Nestor Almendros the great cinematographer i.e. Days of Heaven is DP and is a big boost for a first time director like Schroeder. Nearly every image is seen with an awesome purpose or artistry be it a shot of the cliffs by the sea or sun or something as simple as the seemingly natural light of a room. br br The other thing is Pink Floyd probably the main reason I and many others have heard of the film in the first place years before I knew really who Schroeder was I saw the More soundtrack whenever I looked up Pink Floyd albums . It's very good music throughout occasionally the mind blowing variety that gives them the reputation they deserve. Some of it too is a little tedious even as it is a movie that concerns free love and lots of drugs and sometimes both at the same time. I wouldn't rank it anywhere near as high as a Meddle or Animals certainly not Dark Side but it too helps to elevate the subject matter another notch particularly when one least expects it or in low tones or floating in and out of buildings as Stefan or other walks on the streets. It's almost better atmosphere than the movie itself deserves but overall More is still worth watching as a period piece dated but potent like a less ambitious but more substantial Zabriskie Point.
There is nothing good to say about this movie. Read Revolution For the Hell of It or any of his other writings. Abbie was often dismissed as the clown prince of the60's but he was a man of ideas who used his cleverness his sense of humor and pop culture and his flamboyant personality to get attention to his ideas. The media too often concentrated on the man not the ideas and that's the problem with this movie too. Later in his life he did suffer from depression. But this flick is like a National Enquirer version of Abbie. He deserves better. If you don't know Abbie or his times this movie won't help. br br This film lies. I give it a zero. br br,
A tale of a young boy Dexter Joseph Mazzello with AIDS who befriends a rough and tumble boy played by Brad Renfro his exact opposite The Cure is sad if a bit too soapy pull at your emotions message movie with it's heart in the right place. For that fact alone it's a recommended view. The highlight might be just watching them finding friendship and hanging out with each other when no one else accepts them. br br However since the real story centers on the boy's AIDS things take off when one day at the local supermarket Dexter's eye catches a checkout tabloid magazine that states a New Orleans doctor has discovered the cure. Both of them obviously a tad naive make it a plan to set out for New Orleans in whichever means possible. Which kinda pulled me two ways. It's a mite heart warming and I hate to nit pick but I found the plot wanders in a melodramatic predictable sense and the proceedings have a coat of gloss over them like only movies can do. I couldn't escape the tugging notion I was watching a road trip movie about self discovery sickness and growing up. For instance I know they're young but I found it a real task to belief in the things these boys do. Like boiling tree leaves and drinking the hot 'tea' or eating an experimental diet of chocolate bars because they believe it will combat the ravaging disease. To say nothing of them making a cross country voyage as they do with no legal or downright scary repercussions. Still misgivings aside those movie conventions you come to expect it's a story worth seeing particularly with family.
If rich people are different from us because they have more money then film makers are different from us because they think the world cares about their every thought. br br This self indulgent piece of tripe seems to have been made just because the director felt it was time to make another movie and someone would finance it. Not every trivial idea or reflection is worthy of a movie unless you are a college film student trying to complete a course . When you don't have anything to say sometimes it is best to remain quiet. br br The visuals are not breath taking. They are quite ordinary. The dialog is inane and unbelievable. They speak words no one would every sequence together in situations that are beyond imagination. Germaine Greer's zipless f k is finally brought to the screen. Even if you believe in love at first sight no one falls into bed as easily as these characters. They screw before they talk. Even more unbelievable is an aging balding director finding instant sex with the most beautiful chick in town though gravity is already getting to Miss Marceau at a youthful age.
For your own good it would be best to disregard any positive reviews concerning this movie. This flick STINKS. Now I like at least in theory low budget horror movies but this one makes the worst mistake a low budget flick can make It takes itself WAY too seriously. And unfortunately that's not it's only problem. br br It's the story of the murderous Beane clan of the British Ilses transposed to modern times. An interesting premise but there are two things that are immediately perplexing about this film once you start watching it. br br 1 Why is the biggest name on the CD box Jenna Jameson? She's a below average looking woman who can't act and she has a minor role. ANSWER She's apparently a well known porn star as you no doubt read in other reviews so I guess this is a cameo appearance for her. She's giving the film much needed name recognition it seems. Her top billing isn't any indication of her talent though it's an indication of how UNtalented the rest of the cast is. br br 2 How can film makers be so stupid to think Canada can be passed off as Ireland? It doesn't even remotely look like Ireland. And the house that the guests victims stay in is this great big North American wood frame Edwardian thing. They should have skipped the whole Beane theme and developed a story that took place in N.A. Also if you're going to make a movie that takes place in Ireland it's probably best to have more than one character with an Irish accent and that was a REALLY REALLY REALLY BAD Irish accent. Now this wouldn't have been so bad if the director wasn't trying to make the next Night of the Living Dead but it seems he was. Too bad. He could have had some fun with it. In fact some of the scenes weren't far from being unintentionally comedic as they were. br br Like the infamous gutting scene were the woman is chained to the table stripped naked and then sliced open and eviscerated. That's funny you ask? Well in the deleted scene version the mutant killer pulls out mile after mile after mile of intestines. It's actually funny after awhile. And what self respecting cannibal eats intestines anyway? Do we eat the intestines of cows and chickens? Heck no we eat hams and ribs and drumsticks. Oh well. br br Some of the other cast who were annoying the whiny creepy Howard Rosenstein. I'm not sure but I THINK he was supposed to be cast as a STUD. In fact he's as big a loser and goof ball as his name would imply. Which would explain why the character played by the equally annoying Gillian Leigh fell for him. br br I checked Gillian Leigh on her link on IMDb and apparently it's important to know that she graduated high school with honors. I can't decide if it's more amusing or pathetic to know that only a couple years after graduation the honor student is doing nude soft core porn scenes in a shower with a guy named Howard Rosenstein. Wonder if her former classmates have seen this movie? If they have hopefully they'll get the message AVOID THIS FATE! GO TO COLLEGE!!! I could go on and on but why. If you like gore you'll find something redeeming in this flick but not much more.
I have been living in Istanbul for 24 years and I a 39 years of experience would suggest do know what Istanbul has gone through all those years. br br Faith Akin is still quite young born in 1973 and falling in the great mistake of being ORIENTALIST when looking at Turkey just as his other movie Gegen Die Wand did This movie SERIOUSLY LACK contemporary urban Turkish life AND MISLEADS the audience when giving out quite false clues as to the geographical and cultural spreading of Istanbul. br br Anyone who could speak Turkish could easily attest that many underground bands groups depicted in the movie Siyasiyabend for one are SO MISERABLE and their members cannot even speak a proper language that they cannot be taken as 'representatives' of the contemporary Turkish music. Much less a piece of crap which many Turkish listeners even do not know about at all. br br We Turks have long been accustomed to 'superficious' westerners who look at Turkey with some Orientalist point of view trying to fit the actual Turkish image into their mind molds.. What is new in this movie is the fact that now a Turkish originated director Faith Akin is making the same mistake Looking at Turkey with some false western glasses and scrambling to depict it as if he understands better. All of a vain effort. br br Just ask any Turkish friend of yours What sort of a musical documentary is this without mentioning the names Zeki Muren Baris Manco Ajda Pekkan Teoman Muslum Gurses Ibrahim Tatlises Ferdi Ozbegen?.. and many others who have SHAPED so far the real MUSIC we are listening today? br br Faith Akin has a long long lesson to learn before babbling away and confusing other people's minds with false images about the contemporary Turkish Music.
I spotted the DVD on a store near my home and since I'm a cheesy horror movie alien flicks addict I wondered how good it was. It even had two award mentions on the cover I don't remember what festival it won so I figured Hey this might be good . So I bought it for five euros and I came here to IMDb to check out some reviews. Here either people bashed the movie to say it was bad or people said the movie was a wonderful feat in indie movies bla bla. I then played the DVD not thinking about any review I had read with an open mind and not expecting anything at all. br br Man... I don't' like being this critical but the movie was genuinely bad... OK I'm just going to give out some pointers of what I thought br br 1 Acting dialog The acting was so confusing... sometimes the actors did a decent job but there were scenes were I could spot no effort at all from them! The dialog was even worst... I think it was probably the aspect I most disliked in the whole movie. The talking in between characters seemed... off. Not just bad but far away from the actual happenings in the movie. The monologues of the female character although well delivered became boring and annoying in a little while... But of course the most ridiculous aspect was the... aliens or the infected ... I wont even comment on that one just going to say that it was absolutely ridiculous and took the entire mood away from the picture 2 Visuals the strongest aspect in the movie... if you forget the awful FX and light flashes they used to simulate explosions or what the hell they were supposed to be. The camera in car aspect was quite cool actually but they didn't even used the environment to inspire fear or dread. They left that to cheap sound and video FX and the three infected characters. The movie becomes boring in so many scenes... 3 Sound Talk about editing... this movie has no problems in showing how weakly edited it was. From computer sounds imitating the forest animals to the alien dialog ... ah... br br So what did I like in the movie... SPOILERS the only thing I really liked and it was actually quite scary was the succession of two scenes where the car is still and you spot something someone walking in a distant. At first I really thought it was me seeing things but when the character realizes that the figures coming towards her were her own reflection I was surprised! Pretty creepy idea done well! Apart from that... I had an awful time. br br And I don't recommend this to anyone... not even teen get together because you can't even laugh at this... br br I give it a solid 2. Only some technical achievements worked here... apart from that... yeah... nothing
'Sleight of Hand' is my favorite Rockford Files episode of the entire series. This episode shows a side of Jim Rockford that is usually ignored. To wit Jim is genuinely in love with a beautiful woman and is shown as a father figure to her young daughter. The woman is recently divorced and she and Jim have recently returned from a weekend getaway along with the youngster. Through a strange turn of events the woman is discovered missing after they return to her home. br br Rockford's recounting to his father Rocky of the events leading up to the woman's disappearance is reminiscent of Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer series from an earlier era. After much brooding and reflection and with Rocky's encouragement Jim stumbles upon the clue that sends him off investigating the disappearance with his usual steadfastness. br br Unfortunately Jim's girlfriend Karen unwittingly witnessed some mafia activity while they stayed at the Buena Vista Inn. The crime bosses responded by killing Karen and substituting another woman into Jim's car. The imposter ostensibly asleep in the back seat made her exit immediately upon arrival at the home. A couple of cover up murders ensue and Jim proceeds to their solution while under suspicion of the L.A. police department even as warrants are issued for his arrest. br br This episode evokes more emotional reaction than all other Rockford Files episodes combined. James Garner as Jim Rockford is seen at his most vulnerable moment and yet he retains the presence of mind to pursue the case. This is personal for Jim Rockford. In this case he is not hired to do a job but he is trying to recover his lost love to save her life. Unfortunately this is not possible but Jim tries hard to sort out his feelings but it is apparent that he will not soon get over his hurt. br br Despite the appeal of the main story line many key questions are raised but never answered in this episode. 1 What becomes of the young daughter of Jim's girlfriend? 2 What did Karen actually see at the hotel that made the mafia kill her? 3 How could Jim drive for hours with an imposter in his back seat without noticing this? 4 The daughter stated that Mommy didn't come back with us . So why didn't the girl scream or cry when she noticed that her mother was absent for the hours long car ride? Regardless of these ambiguities 'Sleight of Hand is the Rockford Files episode which comes closest to being a tear jerker. The suspense is compelling and the story is told in a sensitive and vulnerable style which makes us feel Rockford's pain.
There were a lot of films made by Hollywood during the war years that were designed to drum up support for our troops from the public. Seen today some might dismiss them or just see them as propaganda which they technically are but of a positive sort and meant to unify the nation. This film is a pretty effective and entertaining example of the genre having a pretty realistic script and good production values. Pat O'Brien plays pretty much the same character he played in MANY other films you know the tough talking hard driven but swell guy . Randolph Scott is as always competent and entertaining and the rest of the extras are excellent look for a young Robert Ryan as one of the bombardiers in training . While the story is reminiscent of several other movies about our pilots and crews the film is well crafted enough to make it interesting and not too far fetched. That it perhaps except for the very end where the film is a bit over the top but also VERY satisfying. About the only serious negative and this is mostly for nitpickers is that some of the stock footage is somewhat sloppily integrated in the film and nuts like me who are both history teachers and airplane lovers will probably notice this all others probably won't notice.
 Little Man now on DVD is a Wayans Brothers flop. It's the tale of a smaller than a midget criminal played by Marlon Wayans who hides a diamond in a lady's purse after a heist. He and his partner Tracy Morgan cook up the genius plan to disguise Marlon as a baby and plant him at the lady's home. He then goes through all sorts of Home Alone or Child's Play like mayhem to get the jewel back and be treated like a baby. I was surprised by how low the humor was in this film. The jokes have been done in other places so many times that they aren't cute or funny. I almost think the movie might have been funnier if they didn't use CGI and used the small actor who Marlon's face was pasted over. In watching the deleted scenes minus CGI this actor was funny in a Mini me like way but they chose a different route. A few cameos and Tracy Morgan make some funny scenes..Spend your rental fee on Borat if you want some real laughs these days. br br,
This movie was recommended to me by several people and after reading all the positive comments from this site I went ahead and bought a copy of the film off ebay. The acting in the film is average and a bit hammy especially by the family of cannibals one sequence comes to mind when Jupiter is ranting and raving to the burnt corpse speaking right into the camera. Its one of those performances where you just cringe and feel bad for that poor actor. Its also evidence of some of the worst editing I've seen theres a terrible jump cut right in the middle of his speech . There are a few creepy moments though and at times the music works well...but overall the film isnt that great and I dont know why people think Wes Craven is that great of a director. Thus far he hasn't showed me anything that I believe to be brilliant the only thing that improved with Cravens films production to prodution was his budget.
Seeing Laurel without Hardy in a film seems strange yet it's entertaining all the same. It's a well done parody of what became a classic silent film and it showcases Stan's talents very well. While his pictures with Oliver Hardy were great these early solo efforts give you an idea of how skilled he was at his craft and how great he might have been had he continued in the tradition of Keaton and Chaplin as an individual star on his own. The dance sequence with his real life wife in the caf scene is the best part of the picture and has some pretty funny bits to go with Laurel's excellent dance steps. And the bullfight climax is a gem as even the bull takes a pratfall. And I like the irony in the scene where he's buried in hats and comes up wearing his familiar Laurel and Hardy bowler hat. As much as I love the Laurel and Hardy team and feel that there was never a funnier comedy duo on screen during their prime it's nice to see them on their own once in a while check out THE FIGHTING KENTUCKIAN that Hardy made with the Duke as another fine example. Dale Roloff
I managed to sneak away one night and go to the movie theater to see this one thinking I was in for a treat. Boy was I wrong. Considering the talent involved this has to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Everyone in it was miscast and I find it incredible to read on this site that there are people out there who actually liked it.
If Hollywood is to be believed being in the the Navy is nothing but a bludge. Though the sailors may complain in chorus about the monotony of the ocean it seems that their oceanic duties are completely non existent and somehow Fred Astaire finds enough free time during the day to offer dancing classes to a fleet of would be romantics. Such is the world of Astaire and Rogers. Mark Sandrich's previous film 'Top Hat 1935 ' completely ignored the Great Depression that was then bringing America to its knees and presented audiences with a glittering world of the rich and famous it was the film's optimistic outlook on life that perhaps contributed to its success. Likewise here Sandrich deliberately forgets that the life of a Naval officer is difficult and draining and instead substitutes the duties of a sailor with an assortment of catchy lightweight musical numbers. br br Bake Baker Astaire and Sherry Martin Rogers are two former dance partners whose romantic relationship fell apart after the latter rejected a marriage proposal. After Bake returns from several years of duty in the Navy he finds Sherry as dance hostess in an unsophisticated San Francisco ballroom. While the two former lovers alternately attempt to woo and rebuff each other Sherry's plain music teacher sister Harriet Hilliard looking really quite pretty receives a complete makeover and tries to charm superficial sailor Bilge Bilgey Smith Randolph Scott . There are plenty of the usual screwball comedy shenanigans a few moments of mistaken identity and even a hilarious trained monkey that steals every scene it's in. Particularly amusing is the scene in which Bake sabotages a performer's audition in order to create a window for his estranged girl unluckily for both of them it is an unfortunate Sherry who drinks the bicarbonate of soda and loses her ability to sing. br br 'Follow the Fleet 1936 ' was the fifth winning collaboration between Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers and the third of five in which Sandrich directed the pair. Irving Berlin provided the film's music and lyrics and each musical number is enjoyably lighthearted and entertaining even if they aren't quite as memorable as those in 'Top Hat 1935 ' 'Swing Time 1936 ' or 'Shall We Dance 1937 .' Astaire attempts to break free from his typical rich man about town persona without much success but it's hard to imagine the performer without the boyish carefree charm that could only accompany being considerably wealthy. The side plot of the romance between Connie and Bilge works well with the antics of the two main stars and Harriet Hilliard wearing a brunette wig to avoid clashing with Ginger's blonde hair has a couple of emotional solo numbers including Get Thee Behind Me Satan which was originally written for 'Top Hat.'
An unexpected pleasure as I had heard nothing about this film. br br Shameful since it warrants having a wider audience. br br A wonderfully humane story with a social message gently told although admittedly predictable in its resolution. Solidly acted by the principals. Beautifully photographed with muted colors floating against grey that captures the nostalgic tone of the film. br br My recent foray into Chinese film Shower The Road Home Not One Less has been an exciting one that I hope to continue exploring. China and its people is an amazing canvas for film makers. The King of Masks can be highly recommended as a starting point for anyone similarly interested in recent Chinese film. br br 
For me this movie is essentially like a feature length pilot episode for a TV series. It reminds me particularly of the British remake of the TV series Wallander starring Kenneth Brannagh. People interviewed by the police are hardy and often as bitter as the weather the lead investigator has huge family problems investigations invariably lead to cruelties of the distant past and the plotting is labyrinthine with strange occurrences and subplots making sense only at the end. Both have excellent cinematography. br br The plotting of Jar City is extraordinarily reminiscent of a standard UK or US crime series. Effectively you could take the plots of any of the episodes of Touch of Frost and transplant them on top of the bleak locale in this movie and have an effective sequel. br br Really the script couldn't be more obviously from the cookie cutter. You get even the most familiar of motifs such as the police going to the local prison to interview a manipulative and dangerous psychopath who inevitably explodes at the end of the interview. br br I'm absolutely convinced that this is scones and jam for many folk but I feel it needs pointing out to people like myself who do not go to the cinema to watch television. What I felt a keen lack of was message. The movie takes as its theme the genetic studies in Iceland. Icelanders in genetic terms have remained largely isolated from the outside world presenting a great opportunity for scientists to study their genetics. Lots of information concerning the heredity of the population has been kept and many genetic diseases unique to Iceland can be traced effectively in a population that has refrained from interbreeding and is remarkably genetically homogeneous it's like trying to put together a jigsaw puzzle of the London underground map instead of a jigsaw puzzle of a field of daisies . A company called deCODE genetics attempted to set up a database carrying all the genetic and hereditary information for the entire population of Iceland. Due to privacy concerns this project was terminated and at the end of last year deCODE genetics went bankrupt in Iceland. The episode is a rich topic for debate. br br But in this movie genetics and medical science are not there for education's sake they're there for weird atmosphere. br br It's a grisly movie if you are interested in that and there's often a morbid focus on food to accompany events like a coroner who eats lunch in between incisions. The most queasy for me was when the lead inspector devours a sheep's head. Unfortunately for me this occasionally became farcical. The movie attempts the rather delicate task of mixing the grisly with the sentimental and ended up providing unintentional humour towards the end. This is the equivalent in cinematic terms of attempting to prepare fugu if you're not well qualified deft of hand and sharp of eye you poison the client. This rather novice director should have lowered the tariff on his performance. br br I walked out of this movie feeling rather bad about myself and about life in general.
Atlantis was much better than I had anticipated. In some ways it had a better story than come of the other films aimed at a higher age. Although this film did demand a soid attention span at times. It was a great film for all ages. I noticed some of the younger audience expected a comedy but got an adventure. I think everyone is tired of an endless parade of extreme parodies. A lot of these kids have seen nothing but parodies. After a short time everyone seemed very intensely watching Atlantis.
Madison is not too bad if you like simplistic non offensive family friendly fare and more importantly if you know absolutely nothing about unlimited hydroplane racing. If like me you grew up with the sport and your heroes had names like Musson Muncey Cantrell Slovak etc. prepare to be disappointed. br br Professional film critics have commented at length on the formulaic nature of the film and its penchant for utilizing every hackneyed sports clich in the book. I needn't repeat what they've said. What I felt was sadly missing was any sense of the real excitement of unlimited hydro racing in the glory years which many would argue were already past in 1971 . br br Yes it was wonderful to see the old classic boats roaring down the course six abreast though it was clear that the restored versions hats off to the volunteers at the Hydroplane and Race Boat Museum were being nursed through the scenes at reduced speed. But where was the sound? Much of the thrill of the old hydros was the mind numbing roar of six Allison or Rolls Merlin aircraft engines wound up to RPM's never imagined by their designers hitting the starting line right in front of you. You didn't hear it you FELT it. Real hydro buffs know exactly what I'm talking about. There's none of that in Madison. Instead every racing scene is buried under what is supposed to be a heroic musical score. br br And then there are the close up shots of the drivers riding smoothly and comfortably in the cockpits as if they were relaxing in the latest luxury limousines in some cases taking time to smile evilly as they contemplate how best to thwart the poor home town hero. Or in one particularly ridiculous shot taking time to spot Jake Lloyd giving a Rocky salute from a bridge pier. In reality some unlimited drivers wore flak vests to minimize the beating they took as the boats slammed across the rock hard water at speeds above 150 mph. br br As one reviewer so aptly put it The sport deserves better than this. br br Finally since another user brought up anachronisms I'll add one the establishing shot of Seattle shows the Kingdome and Safeco Field. Neither existed in 1971
In contrast to my fellow reviewers I always try to find something redeeming in any film I see.Yes the quality of the dubbing and lighting is abysmal the acting is wooden and the opening sequence highly misleading what with all those lascivious female lesbian vampires with blood dripping.Something must be lost in the translation of the word Bloodsucker from the Italian in the title almost as if the producers were originally going to film a Gothic Vampire tale and then changed their minds but could not afford to give up their dramatic opening sequence so tacked it onto the film anyway. br br This film made in 1975 has recently been issued on DVD and comes with its own theatrical trailer which in some respects is more daring than seen in the film!Now anyone who buys this film has probably already read its synopsis anyway and knows what to expect Italian softporn from the mid 1970s.I bought it because I am attracted to Christa Nelli credited most often as Krista Nell .The absence of a cast of characters I find most frustrating in a lot of these Eurosleaze films from the 60s 70s.I had hoped Imdb would show the cast of characters as one hears their names in the film but without a cast list it is very difficult to link them to the actor concerned.I think Krista Nell played Cora but underneath that massive hair style costume and make up it is difficult to distinguish her for sure. br br There is mostly a two dimensional portrayal by the actors of their parts and no one really stands out.Maybe something is lost in the dubbing process.What were the positive points?Well the music was atmospheric and of course if you're into beautiful lesbian soft porn its there.The external locations used were good and I would like to know where they filmed the castle on its island.It purports to be set in Ireland North or the Republic? in 1902 so everyone sports period piece costumes.Some of the scenes I found unintentionally funny especially those sex scenes!!Anyway an enjoyable romp.I rated it 4 10.
WARNING REVIEW CONTAINS MILD SPOILERS br br A couple of years back I managed to see the first five films in this franchise and was planning to do an overview of the whole Elm St. series. However just two years on and I find I can't remember enough about them in order to do it I guess they couldn't have made much of an impression. From what I do recall some of the sequels Dream Warriors in particular weren't as bad as is often made out though even the original was no classic. Generally the predictability of the premise if people fall asleep they get murdered in their dreams doesn't lend itself to narrative tension. But while I cannot recall much of the first five films I do know they never plumbed the depths of Freddy's Dead. br br An indication of how sick of Freddy the public was at this point can be judged by the fact that the film was promoted solely on the character's demise. The fact that the movie's conclusion is not even hidden but in fact the entire purpose for the film's being goes to illustrate how vacant soulless and cynical this venture was. br br Taking the morally questionable idea of having a child molester as the charismatic villain Robert Englund's in no way scary interpretation booms with laughter. I always thought Freddy's mockery of the teenage victims was less aimed at the characters than at the teenage audience that could ever watch this tripe. It's like Englund's crying out we know this is garbage but you're paying to see it so who's the one laughing? And I'm sure victims of child abuse would be disheartened to see such an insensitive depiction of their plight. Was Freddy's appearance in the films always so rudimentary? All he gets to do here is a few haaaaaaaaaaaaaarr har har hars and that's it. If this was the only Elm St. film you'd ever seen you wouldn't get to know the character at all. Even as the character pre death in a flashback Englund plays him as a boo hiss pantomime villain with a slop of Transatlantic ie. overstated misplaced and not at all funny irony. br br Acting is almost universally poor. Just look at how many times Breckin Meyer overacts with his hand gestures and body language. Only Kananga himself Yaphet Kotto keeps his dignity. And when Roseanne Tom Arnold and Alice Cooper show up you can almost visibly see the film sinking further into the mire. The script too is absolutely lousy almost wholly without merit. Carlos Ricky Dean Logan opens a road map upon which the Noel Coward like Freddy has wittily written you're f ked . When prompted for the map Carlos responds well the map says we're f ked . Who wrote the screenplay Oscar Wilde? br br Or how about the scene where Carlos is tortured by Freddy his hearing enhanced to painful levels? So Freddy torments him by threatening to drop a pin a potentially fatal sound given that all sounds are magnified. Oddly the fact that Carlos shouts at the top of his voice for him not to drop it seems to have no effect. Nice hearing from you Carlos quips Freddy hoping some better lines will come along. It's also worth noting that dream sleep doesn't occur instaneously so being knocked unconscious wouldn't allow instant access into Freddy's world. Though as part of the narrative contains a human computer game and a 3 D finale plot logic isn't that high on the list of requirements. br br The teenagers heading the cast this time are really the most obnoxious dislikeable group in the whole series. Tracy Lezlie Deane is the only one who gets to greet Freddy with shut the f k up man and a kick in the scallops. And was incongruous pop music always part of the ingredients? Freddy's Dead. No laughs. No scares. No interest. No fun. br br,
This film was a big disappointment. br br I take the opposite view of the critics. This is not a case of the material not being up to the level of the actors here the actors Bette Davis and James Cagney are simply not up to the level of the material. Clark Gable and Claudette Colbert were every bit as big as Davis and Cagney and look how It Happened One Night turned out an all time classic. With a very similar story Davis proves that she has no talent for comedy good thing for her that this is just about the only comedy she ever attempted! Davis' one note performance oozes petulance but none of the nuances of Colbert's acting in It Happened One Night. Cagney who was a great comedy actor just seems out of sync with his costar Davis. The script provides some decent lines and gags but the delivery seems better suited to drama than comedy. br br Part of the problem is the soundtrack which like the delivery of Davis and Cagney seems more suitable to a light drama than a comedy. br br Jack Carson who played similar roles throughout his career has more capably handled very similar material. In a fairly typical supporting role Eugene Palette delivers a respectable performance. In a slightly different role as an old west relic Harry Davenport is very good. But in one of his poorest performances William Frawley is quite irritating. His character's constant references to fictional cops are a poor effort at irony. br br I really love every one of these performers and it is a shame that as an ensemble they achieve no more chemistry and no better result than The Bride Came C.O.D.
Just okay film about a woman who is a twin having disturbing visions of her sister in danger back at home. She then returns home to find all is not well and that she is going to have to find out what happened to her sister and why. br br This is the sort of thing that kind of almost works but doesn't quite. I can't really put my finger on why it didn't work but it was good enough that I kind of wished it was better or at least had gotten the little things right like having the girls who play the twins in the flashbacks be closer in size. I think perhaps thats whats wrong with it there are lots of little things that just are wrong.
Being a fan of silent films I looked forward to seeing this picture for the first time. I was pretty disappointed. br br As has been mentioned the film seems to be one long long commercial for the Maxwell automobile. br br Perhaps if the chase scene was about half the length that it is I may have enjoyed the film more. But it got old very fast. And while I recognize that reality is stretched many times in films without lessening a viewer's enjoyment what was with the Mexican bandits? I mean they are chasing a car through the mountains a car that most of the time is moving at about one mile per hour yet they can't catch up to it?
Independent film that would make Hollywood proud. The movie substitutes good looks for good acting a cryptic plot for a good story line and self absorption for character development. May be I missed something go see it for yourself.
I've now seen this film twice and I must say I enjoyed it both times. It's fast paced and fun but ultimately daft. Having said that it deserves to be trashed because of screwing up what could have been a good follow up to the seminal original. It is clear for those who have seen the awful 'Zombie Creeping Flesh' that the films massive shortcomings can be owed to Bruno Mattei and that the little that is commendable about it can be owed to Fulci. This is not idle Fulci sycophancy the directors styles are starkly contrasted throughout and you can tell who directed what particularly in Mattei's case. br br The film is centered around the outbreak of a virus oddly referred to as 'top secret' by a scientist it's secrecy apparently being more noteworthy than its potentially apocalyptic effect on mankind somewhere in south east Asia. The virus causes zombie like behaviour in those affected and the virus quickly spreads across a seemingly arbitrary area of land. Our protagonists unwittingly wander into the danger zone and have to fight for their lives against hordes of infected Asians. br br The film seems to be stuck half way between being a zombie gore flick and an out and out action adventure and this confusion is captured most clearly by the zombies themselves. They do not appear to have a set of characteristics common to all. Some are of the regular soulless shuffling variety so well rendered in the original and probably Fulci's creation here. The other main group consist of those who in being infected with the virus lost all sense of themselves but incurred a savage aggression and a desire to earn a black belt in ninjitsu Indecisively leaping around unsure of whether to continue honing their upper roundhouse technique or engage with their brethren in what looks like a mass tickle fest on their hapless victims. Martial arts skills aren't their only talents either they are well versed in guerilla tactics hiding on rafters and under bales of hay and sometimes inexplicably falling from nowhere but the heavens themselves. This is all definitely the work of Mattei. br br There is a third more chatty variety of zombie. This type apparently retain a sense of irony as well 'I'm really thirsty...FOR YOUR BLOOD'. The ridiculous twist at the end in which the DJ turns zombie but continues to preach ad libbed gibberish about the fate of mankind only serves to enhance the WTF factor and obliterate any hope of a serious resolution. br br Then there's the infamous zombie head which slowly propels itself through the air a jokerish skeletal grin wrought across its face as if to say 'yeah we know how bad this looks'. br br The characters are all utterly one dimensional as you would expect. But its the pseudo comical dialogue and dubbing that really prevents us from taking their plight seriously. Having said that the first soldier to die does put up an impressively valiant display against an unstoppable zombie menace. Indeed this is the first and perhaps only time we hit real zombie agro and one of the only effective scenes in the film. br br The guy who played the chief scientist has heart but no talent utilising pauses in his lines entirely at random so he ends up sounding like a confused asthmatic. The scientists' on screen attempts at finding an antidote are totally unconvincing 'now lets put these two molecules together!' br br There are a few moments that stick out as genuinely effective however. In an early scene a female protagonist explores an abandoned garage. Upon entering a room we are confronted with a hazy view of a shifting figure in the corner and a squirming mass on the floor all shot in an atmospheric diffused light. The silence is interrupted by the appearance of a speedy machete wielding zombie who trashes everything in his wake in his alarming desperation to have her. His sheer aggressiveness is one of the few moments of real horror in the film. The before and after theme conveyed through the hotel that plays host to the happenings of the earliest stage of the outbreak and later as a refuge to our protagonists is imbued with an thick humid ambiance. There is a scene in which one of the soldiers cautiously approaches a boarded up room that clearly houses hordes of the undead and this is quite tense. Things become more dramatic when they board themselves in the hotel unknowing to what lurks upstairs. But this is sloppily handled and not nearly as effective as it could have been. br br All in all I would say this film may just about deserve to be called a royal screw up of a potentially effective tropical zombie fest rather than simply a through and through bad film. If nothing else it has plenty of the unintentional laughs that I've come to expect from just about anything Italian and gory from the eighties.
I watched the world premiere of this on the Starz Action channel. They call it Vampires The Turning. The plot was a little confusing. There is a voice over in the introduction about an 800 year war and I didn't quite understand. The movie is about a young couple somewhere in Asia maybe in China I don't think the movie specifies . The couple has an argument and Meredith Monroe runs off and is kidnapped by a biker gang of Vampires. The boyfriend finds a group of vampires that don't kill humans and enters into a battle with the bikers. A human group of slayers somehow get involved and the final fight sequence takes place during a solar eclipse. This movie is not related to either Vampires or Vampires Los Muertos. Confusing but decent action. Four out of 10 stars.
I watched mask in the 80's and it's currently showing on Fox Kids in the UK very late at night . I remember thinking that it was kinda cool back in the day and had a couple of the toys too but watching it now bores me to tears. I never realised before of how tedious and bland this cartoon show really was. It's just plain awful! It is no where near in the same league as The Transformers He man or Thundercats and was very quickly forgot by nearly everyone once it stopped being made. I only watch it on Fox Kids because Ulysses 31 comes on straight after it that's if mask doesn't put me to sleep first . One of the lesser 80's cartoons that i hope to completely forget about again once it finishes airing on Fox Kids!
I have some of the older videos and dvds of Dr. Who. I've played them over and over. I adore each of the Doctors for different reasons. But due to a man in the BBC hierarchy Dr. Who was canceled even though it was still one of the mainstays of the BBC line up. With the departure of Sylvester McCoy the Doctor stayed alive through the fans. BBC graciously allowed fans to write books and cartoons. The momentum of Dr. Who has been steady even after 1989. Then they took a chance with Paul McGann. The movie was flawed but it gave the BBC an idea of what we wanted. In 1999 the man was gone and the newbies at the BBC felt it was time to bring the Doctor back. It was a complete success. Here in America the Sci fi Channel took a chance and it has become a complete success as well although the writers were having to start over and explain the Dr. Who mythology for new viewers. It is incredible to me that they have done it. In Season 1 staring Christopher Eccleston with Russell T. Davis as lead writer and Phil Collinson as producer the Doctor has come back to us and in each episode we learn more about who the Doctor is. The Doctor Who universe has always been about Choice Love and Sacrifice . This is what they provided. It makes me want more and it saddens me that Mr. Eccleston has chosen to leave the show. My first Doctor was Doctor no. 3 Jon Pertwee's Doctor. Mr. Eccleston needn't worry about his position in the Dr. Who universe. It is as solid as the rest. He is the 9th Doctor. I didn't know of Mr. Eccleston prior to his performance in Dr. Who but I do now. I wish there was some way he could know there is push out in the Dr. Who fan community to find his other work and enjoy it. We have already seen that he is a great actor.
After stabbing a retarded boy the fifteen years old troubled and pessimist Leland P. Fitzgerald Ryan Gosling is sent to a juvenile detention. His teacher and aspirant writer Pearl Madison Don Cheadle gets close and tries to understand him first with intention of writing a book and later becoming his friend. Leland slowly discloses his sad vision of world showing that he is a sociopath. br br The United States of Leland is a depressive and interesting study of a character. The low paced riveting screenplay discloses pieces of the story like a puzzle there are excellent lines and dialogs the performances are great although the twenty three years old Ryan Gosling does not convince as a fifteen years old teenager but it seems that a part is missing to complete the puzzle and make The United States of Leland an unforgettable movie. The disappointing clarification of the why for the violent action of Leland against Ryan Pollard is not convincing or touching indeed shows that this character is a totally deranged sociopath with a weird and sick sight of world. Further the way Allen Harris gets Pearl's knife is ridiculous. My vote is seven. br br Title Brazil O Mundo de Leland The World of Leland,
This must have been an embarrassment to every member of the entirely African American cast. Every derogatory disparaging stereotype of the black American community is featured prominently. I won't reinforce the insults by listing them here except to mention chickens watermelons and dice. br br One good song by Ethel Waters and a couple of bad ones and the fantastic singing and dancing talents of 8 year old Sammy Davis bring the total up to something below 1 on the IMDb scale.
Good grief I can't even begin to describe how poor this film is. Don't get me wrong I wasn't expecting much to begin with. Let's face it a PG 13 slasher flick is pre destined to be missing the ummm... slashing so no one should be surprised by the lack of gore. But it was the level of incompetence and clich on display in all the other aspects of this movie is what really blew me away. br br We have a protagonist who is quite simply so completely useless that you find yourself rooting for the bad guy. And here's a turnup for the books... SHE NEVER CHANGES hence breaking the cardinal rule of basic screen writing character development. If you think by the end of this film the poor little girl is going to turn around and finally kick some arse then think again. br br On top of this we're handed possibly the least intriguing and definitely the least scary killer ever to grace the genre. I'm not joking when I say that Dora the Explorer has scarier villains than this movie. br br Finally because all the potential for tension or gratuity is removed by the inept and apparently thirteen year old director what could possibly be left to fill up 2 hours of screen time? br br Closets that's what. br br Lots and lots of closets big closets small closets mirrored closets closets to Narnia so many damned closets you'll not want to dress yourself for another year. In fact this movie should have just been called CLOSET and had a picture of a big scary coathanger on the DVD case. On the back it could have had a photograph of the audience falling asleep and a quote by Roger and Ebert something to the extent of what the f ! did we just waste our time watching!,
Right at this moment I am watching this movie for the second time on television and for the second time I fell into it when it was running for an hour already I think I saw 2 minutes more this time This movie is really impressing the way Goldsworthy looks at nature changes nature in a way that you yourself would never think of really is amazing. This whole movie gives you a warm feeling seeing him play with the world around him with such love. Or only seeing his hands covered in dirt and with broken fingernails it just touches you.
I would like to say that I absolutely loved Campfire Tales! To me it was one of the original horror flicks with a twisted ending. As if the contents of the movie weren't scary or weird enough you have the ending. It's a very awesome movie and I'm so happy that it's being released on DVD on August 30th.I will not hesitate to get my copy on that day.I don't think the movie received all the credit or recognition it should have because all these other movies came out shortly after and was acknowledge but if it weren't for my brother telling me about the movie I wouldn't have known. Which stinks because in my opinion it's far better than any Scream I know what you did Last Summer or any other horror for that time. So I hope that you are able to see the movie yourself and at least be able to see the difference. I loved it and being a horror movie junkie Campfire Tales was like dessert for me!
Hey its great not to have to wait for the next Star Trek convention to see hick trek! Its a cheesy film by a bunch of treckies with no budget but a good way to spend an hour. They got most of the special effects right the dialog is classic trek and it just feels right for a trek knockoff.
When seeing this movie you should take notice to that it s not a normal movie. It has no real story just characters a bunch of gangster characters who come together in a perfect harmony. The dialogue is wonderful you can just lay back and listen. The movie stands out thats why it s hard to find a right way of describing it. br br Thats why the user comments on this movie is so mixed. br br I for one love the movie and recommend it to all who love one liners and things that differ from the normal . You can t really put the finger on what s so wonderful about it it s just a comical world where gangsters rule. A place of love and danger. A movie that you can see more than one time.
As you can read the only good comment about this movie is made by someone who actually watch it AT HIS CHURCH ! br br Anyway movie had a good B movie sci fi beginning everything was there to make a good entertaining easy to watch movie then everything felt in this religious Jesus will save everyone brainwashing mode. br br story start with 2 main characters 2 reporters but it fast give the first role to that Jesus freak who is there to save everyone's soul with this con descendant attitude. br br In a few words this movie goes from entertaining to brainwashing in about 30 minutes br br Waste of time waste of money... AVOID IT
I have seen most of the Tarzan episodes. Certainly the rated X with O'Keeffe Bo Derek which is totally deplorable. br br I have seen this version several times since it was originally shown. br br All the cast had memorable parts great acting the Ape sequences. br br Last night I viewed same on Spanish station and other than some French dialog all in Spanish. br br As far as Hudson not wanting Andie's voice he did nothing until the very end. He viewed the dailies and could have hired a dialog coach. br br It seems silly that a story about apes and a man raised by them all speaking gibberish that Hudson attacked Andie.The story line in the movie was that she was an American cousin. The last time I checked Carolina was in the USA. br br She was beautiful in movie and her eyes and gorgeous hair alabaster skin mystified all us males. She did not have to resort to Bo's level. br br She has remained a LADY throughout the rest of her career and should look at this movie half her life ago as a starting point. Her performance sincerity made this movie enjoyable believable that a half wild man could ascertain her inner beauty. br br Great sending point for Sir Richardson he did steal the movie.
I remember seeing this movie a long time ago back then even though it didn't have any special effects the acting was really good. And it still has the same message for today even though the technology has changed maybe they should make a remake of this movie it would be interesting to see a remake. I also enjoyed the music from the movie as well Larry Norman was a really good songwriter during that time period although now most Christian music is now worship and praise music. I was always curious to know what ever happened to Patty after the series ended? Did she go on to make more movies did she get eventually get married and raise a family? I would like to have an update.
First off I would like to point out that while I am not an expert the way the trial was handled will insult your intelligence. Firstly the prosecution never proved thatfacilitated learning' actually works. Irresponsible for both the prosecution because they can get an appeal and the defense for not acting on this. As another commenter said facilitated learning was proved untrue. Secondly they used Terry as the translator who has personal interest and even will testify in the trial which is just stupid. If the court had allowed him to testify that way they would have brought in someone neutral otherwise they would be just asking for an appeal. Thirdly this child was never asked specific questions about the defendant by the prosecution birthmarks details of the event etc. and even when asked by the defense specific questions like when it started he could not answer. If that isn't reasonable doubt I don't know what is and a competent lawyer would have gotten an acquittal. br br Bottom line it starts off well with the pressures of being the parent of a child with autism but the trial makes this movie wholly unbelievable.
As I'm listening to my parents watch this after I gave up 10 minutes into the film they have absolutely no idea what is going on. When Charles Dickens stared into the camera I half expected him to turn into a demon yes he looked like one . Unfortunately that didn't happen. br br This movie had various reasons I did not finish it one it was unbearably slow. I mean seriously it was SLOWW. You can only understand 10 of what is said and the characters were poorly introduced. br br If you have an English accent and you like a LOTTT of talking no action terrible acting cheesy laughs and the same music sound effects played over and over and over then this is THE movie for you... br br 1 10 completely horrible. br br Avoid at all costs.
This movie was so bad outdated and stupid that I had rough times to watch it to the end. I had seen this Rodney guy in Natural Born Killers and I thought he was funny as hell in it but this movie was crap. The jokes weren't funny actors weren't funny anything about it wasn't even remotely funny. Don't waste your time for this! Only positive things about this were the beautiful wives and Molly Shannon who I'm sure tried her best but the script was just too awful. That's why I rated it 2 instead of 1 but it's definitely one of the worst films I've ever seen.
Raising Victor Vargas A Review br br You know Raising Victor Vargas is like sticking your hands into a big steaming bowl of oatmeal. It's warm and gooey but you're not sure if it feels right. Try as I might no matter how warm and gooey Raising Victor Vargas became I was always aware that something didn't quite feel right. Victor Vargas suffers from a certain overconfidence on the director's part. Apparently the director thought that the ethnic backdrop of a Latino family on the lower east side and an idyllic storyline would make the film critic proof. He was right but it didn't fool me. Raising Victor Vargas is the story about a seventeen year old boy called you guessed it Victor Vargas Victor Rasuk who lives his teenage years chasing more skirt than the Rolling Stones could do in all the years they've toured. The movie starts off in `Ugly Fat' Donna's bedroom where Victor is sure to seduce her but a cry from outside disrupts his plans when his best friend Harold Kevin Rivera comes a looking for him. Caught in the attempt by Harold and his sister Victor Vargas runs off for damage control. Yet even with the embarrassing implication that he's been boffing the homeliest girl in the neighborhood nothing dissuades young Victor from going off on the hunt for more fresh meat. On a hot New York City day they make way to the local public swimming pool where Victor's eyes catch a glimpse of the lovely young nymph Judy Judy Marte who's not just pretty but a strong and independent too. The relationship that develops between Victor and Judy becomes the focus of the film. The story also focuses on Victor's family that is comprised of his grandmother or abuelita Altagracia Guzman his brother Nino also played by real life brother to Victor Silvestre Rasuk and his sister Vicky Krystal Rodriguez . The action follows Victor between scenes with Judy and scenes with his family. Victor tries to cope with being an oversexed pimp daddy his feelings for Judy and his grandmother's conservative Catholic upbringing. br br The problems that arise from Raising Victor Vargas are a few but glaring errors. Throughout the film you get to know certain characters like Vicky Nino Grandma Judy and even Judy's best friend Melonie. The problem is we know nothing of Victor Vargas except that he is the biggest gigolo in the neighborhood. We know that he knows how to lick his lips and comb his fro and carry himself for the sake of wooing girls into the sack but that's all. We know that Nino plays piano and quiet well you could see it by the awards on the family piano. We know his sister Nicki is a gossip loving girl with an invested interest in watching TV. We know that grandma is a hard working traditional Latina woman who's trying to raise her kids with conservatively in a world of excess corruption. Yet where is the titular character Victor Vargas? He's in this movie somewhere but we only know what the movie tells us. This is by far the film's biggest flaw. Victor Vargas isn't so much a character but a ping pong ball bouncing between scenes with Judy and his Grandmother but we never get to know who Victor Vargas really is. This is important because as I've mentioned the only thing we know of Victor Vargas is that he's a sexually active teenager with a libido the size of Manhattan. He's a total Alpha male. Victor Vargas is not the kind of character I sympathize with at all. Why should anyone? So by the end of the movie in the aftermath of the climax are we truly led to believe that somehow Victor Vargas has attained ANY depth and learned the errors of his ways? How could such a two dimensional character have any depth? If only the director had worried a little more about fleshing out his main character instead of worrying about getting that perfect hand held shot. br br Raising Victor Vargas brings to life the world of the Latino inner city neighborhood to the big screen. Something that few films have done before in the past. The film has been complimented for feeling so real and I won't br br argue with that. I haven't seen this level of reality since CBS aired Survivor. Seriously although the movie has some nice shots of the city the writer director Peter Sollett was way too dependent on close ups and hand held shots. This problem is particularly noticed in indoor scenes that are so claustrophobic I was forced to perform deep breathing exercises to keep from passing out. As the film continues the shots get tighter and tighter with faces cropped from brow to chin on the screen you can practically smell Victor Vargas's cheap cologne. The overall effect is unrealistic in contrast. The indoor scenes of inner city apartments make them look small and cramp which is not true. I've been in those type apartments I used to live in one. They're not splendorous but they have high ceilings and they're decent living spaces. By the movie's standards you'd think that these apartments were 5x5 cells of brick and mortar chipped paint and cracked walls. Unfortunately Sollett's constant use of close ups and one particularly bad shot with a zoom in on one scene come off as totally amateurish. But Raising Victor Vargas is only Sollett's second film and his most well known a solid effort in filmmaking that will hopefully get better as he continues to make films. One review I read summarized the movie as `Ethnicity for Ethnicity's Sake and I cannot agree more. If Victor Vargas were truly a great film and story then the characters' applicability wouldn't matter whether they were Latino Chinese etc. Yet if you were to take this story and stick it in middle class suburbia with a bunch of teeny bopper white kids the results wouldn't be such glowing reviews and we'd see the film's flaws more clearly. Indeed some other aspects of the use of Latinos in this film bother me. While some aspects of Victor Vargas are accurate others I have to question. For example Victor Nino and Vicky all share the same room to sleep. This set off an alarm for me because it seemed contrary to what I believe. Any self respecting Latino family wouldn't have two older brothers sharing the same room with a thirteen year old girl. At first I was unsure perhaps I was wrong but after speaking with my grandmother I knew my problem with this was justified. Considering how conservative the grandmother is you'd think that Vicky would have been sleeping in her room. br br As a Latino who grew up in a somewhat conservative Cuban household raised by my grandmother while my mother was working full time I could relate to the movie in many ways which is why my critical viewpoints are bittersweet because I really wanted to love this movie. Unfortunately my lack of respect for Victor Vargas sabotaged my feelings for the film. Maybe it's because Victor Vargas reminds me of those guys who were getting laid while I was playing with my Sega Genesis when I was seventeen. Maybe it's because without any further introspection by the film Victor Vargas is merely a stereotypical hot blooded Latino who'll just end up shouting to girls from his car `Hey bay bee ju want to get into my luv Mah Cheen?' Either way I don't like him so ultimately how can I like a film about him? So if you'll excuse me I'm going to go stick my hands into a bowl of grits. br br,
As many people know Mexican cinema was very poor after the so called Golden Age of the Mexican Cinema fortunately during the late 90's and early 21st century great movies like La Ley de Herodes Bajo California Amores Perros Y Tu Mam Tambi n and of course El Coronel No Tiene Quien le Escriba appeared. El Coronel... is a wonderful movie that retells the classic story by Gabriel Garc a M rquez by eliminating the magic realism elements and replacing them with the crude reality lived in Mexico not only by people like the Colonel who wait for their pensions but by more than the half of the Mexican population who live in complete poverty. The film's characters satirically represent classic characters found in Mexican society such as the nationalist Colonel the cold and even ambitious priest the hypocrite but at the same time loyal compadre the tolerant and patient wife the hidden homosexual etc. This movie is a must see if you want to know more about Mexican society and specially if you want to watch a gorgeous movie by one of Mexico's finest directors
When you make a film with a killer kids premise there are two effective ways to approach it you can either make it as realistic as possible creating believable characters and situations or you can make it as fun as possible by playing it for laughs something which the makers of Silent Night Deadly Night did for example on an equally controversial subject a killer Santa . The people who made Bloody Birthday however do neither of those things they simply rely on the shock value of the image of a kid with a gun or a knife or a noose or an arrow in his her hand. The result is both offensive and stupid. The whole film looks like a bad idea that was rushed through production and then kept from release for several years . It's redeemed a tiny bit by good performances from the kids but it's VERY sloppily made. 1 2]